- [narrator} The best way to start learning
is to write your first service application.
I'm going to show you how to use the AWS toolkit
for IntelliJ to create Lambda function
on your local machine.
Before we start make sure you have Java 11
installed and Maven,
which have been already packaged with IntelliJ.
Click on file,
new project.
Choose AWS and AWS service application.
Click next.
Now give it the name.
Let's call it "Hello world."
We have two options, either zip package or an image.
The zip file contains the code and any libraries that we
will include as dependencies.
Lambda introduced image deployment,
as many developers use
container-based deployment tools and workflows.
For this example, we will use zip deployment.
As the run time, choose Java 11.
We have a couple of SAM templates to choose from.
As a Java developer,
you can choose Maven or (indistinct).
We will choose AWSM Hello World Maven.
Now wait for the project to finish the set up,
and Maven to pull all dependencies.
If Maven was not recognized,
right click on poem.XML and then choose
"add as Maven project."
And that's it,
in three clicks we managed to get
our first Lambda function created.
Now open "app.javaclass."
First thing to notice is our class
implements the request handler interface,
which is coming from AWS as the k,
and it overrides it's handled requests methods.
Every AWS Lambda requires a handler,
which is the method in the code
that will be invoked by the Lambda.
Whenever in went is received.
The lambda, run time receives an event
as a Jason formatted string and converts it into object.
You specify the type of object that (indistinct) to
in the handler Mets signature.
There various well at signatures for Lambda handler method.
And we'll get to that at the later stage.
Our method is used for input and output types that are
specified for API gateway.
Can the request method also has context object as a
parameter, which provides details about the
invocation and the function
Quantico object provides information about invocations,
such as AWS request ID, Lando version,
execution environment,
like amount of memory that was allocated for that function.
And finally, the context provides identity information
coming from Incognito, which is a security service from AWS.
This sample code first prepares the Jason response.
It gets the API address of the machine,
which executes this code and then returns the information
back to Jason.
The last piece of code is a return type,
which can be object or void.
When returning an object,
runtime Serializes the return pages into Jason object,
which we will see once we run our code
in the next three though.